# Junior Student

This section will be suitable for students who have just embarked on a journey of exploring physics. We will introduce basic physical knowledge as well as the origin of Natural Science to you in this section. There will also be some books you can read and competitions you can take part in given. 

## **Catalogue**
- [Fundamental acoustics](#fundamental-acoustics)
   
    The way the sound is produced; the conditions under which the sound propagates; the factors that determine the characteristics of a music; ultrasonic; infrasonic; 
- [Fundamental thermology](#fundamental-theremology)

    Energy; temperature; heat; power; change of state; 
- [Fundamental optics](#fundamental-optics)
- [Fundamental electromagnetics](#fundamental-electromagnetics)
- [Fundamental mechanics](#fundamental-mechanics)
- [The Origin of Natural Science](#the-origin-of-natural-science)
- [Competitions](#competitions)

## **Fundamental acoustics**

As for fundamental acoustics, we will illustrate basic knowledge about **sounds**.

Sound is generated by the **vibration** of an object. The propagation of sound requires a **medium**, which can propagate in gases, liquids and solids, but vacuum *cannot* transmit sound. The speed of sound propagation in different substances is also different, generally the fastest in solids, followed by liquids, the slowest in gases. Moreover, the speed of propagation in the gas is also related to the temperature and pressure of the gas. Under normal circumstances, the speed of sound is about 331+0.6*Celsius m/s, and the speed of sound is about 340 m/s at room temperature (15 degrees Celsius).

In general, the longer the wavelength of the propagation of sound is, the farther the sound can travel(which seems similar to electromagnetic wave), but it is easily distorted by scattering. Conversely, sound with a short wavelength, although the energy attenuation is fast, is not easy to scatter, and can transmit sound in a straight line.

Regular sounds are called musical sounds, and irregular sounds are called noise. The shape of the propagation of a musical sound usually looks smooth and orderly, while the shape of a noise is often cluttered.  

**Loudness**, **tone**, and **timbre** are the three factors that determine the characteristics of a music.

- **Loudness** In physics, the strength of the sound that the human ear can feel is called loudness. The loudness of the sound is generally related to the amplitude of the vibration of the sound source, and the greater the vibration amplitude is, the louder the loudness is. Decibels (dB) is often used to indicate the strength of a sound.

- **Tone** In physics, the high and low levels of a sound are called tones or pitches. The pitch of the sound is generally related to the speed of the vibration of the generator, and the greater the vibration frequency of the object is, the higher the pitch is.

- **Timbre** Timbre is also called sound frets, which reflect the quality and characteristics of the sound. The timbre of the sounds emitted by different objects is different, so we can distinguish the sounds of different people speaking, the sounds of different instruments playing, and so on.

In addition, there are many sounds that cannot be heard by normal human ears. Because the frequency range of sound waves is very wide, from 10-4Hz to 1012Hz, but normal people's ears can only catch sounds between 20Hz and 20000Hz below 80 decibels (dB). Sounds above 20,000Hz are usually called **ultrasonic**, sounds below 20Hz are called **infrasonic**, and sounds between 20Hz and 20,000Hz are called **audible sounds**.

Ultrasound is widely used in life. Learning from bats, radar locates by transmitting and receiving ultrasonic waves. Doctors also use special instruments to emit ultrasound waves to break up stones in the body. Infrasound waves are often accompanied by natural disasters. It is capable of transmitting considerable distances and causing harm to the human body.Generally speaking, when normal people speak, the frequency usually falls between 150~2000HZ.

The so-called scale in music, The frequency of each octave is twice as different (the alto DO Iis about 262Hz, which is twice that of 131HZ of bass DO). Each semitone rate increases by 21/12x (about 1.0595x) in the respective scales.

## **Fundamental theromology**



## Fundamental optics
## Fundamental electromagnetics
## Fundamental mechanics
## The Origin of Natural Science
## Competitions
